PDF - documentation draft (#3497)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/50 Common/Object Structures/PdfExportDataGridProps/customDrawCell.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> A function that allows you to draw a cell content of the exported DataGrid. This function is executed before the cell export.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A function that allows you to draw cell content of the exported DataGrid. This function is executed before the cell is exported.
```

> A function that allows you to draw a content inside the cell of the exported DataGrid. This function is executed before the cell export.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A function that allows you to draw a cell content of the exported DataGrid. This function is executed before the cell export.
```

> A function that is executed before the cell of the DataGrid is exported. Allows you to draw any content inside the cell of the exported PDF file.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A function that allows you to draw a content inside the cell of the exported DataGrid. This function is executed before the cell export.
```

##### param(options): Object
Information about the event.

##### field(options.cancel): Boolean

> Allows you to prevent default drawing logic

Reviewer 3: точка

##### field(options.doc): Object

> Instance of the [jsPDFDocument](/api-reference/50%20Common/Object%20Structures/PdfExportDataGridProps/jsPDFDocument.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/PdfExportDataGridProps/#jsPDFDocument') object.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An instance of the [jsPDFDocument](/api-reference/50%20Common/Object%20Structures/PdfExportDataGridProps/jsPDFDocument.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/PdfExportDataGridProps/#jsPDFDocument') object.
```

> Instance of the [jsPDFDocument](/api-reference/50%20Common/Object%20Structures/PdfExportDataGridProps/jsPDFDocument.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/PdfExportDataGridProps/#jsPDFDocument') used for exporting.

Reviewer 3: Instance of the [jsPDFDocument](/api-reference/50%20Common/Object%20Structures/PdfExportDataGridProps/jsPDFDocument.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/PdfExportDataGridProps/#jsPDFDocument').

Reviewer 4: Fixed. Check it, please

##### field(options.gridCell): PdfDataGridCell

> A DataGrid cell

Reviewer 3: точка

##### field(options.pdfCell): PdfCell
An object that describes a cell in a PDF file.

##### field(options.rect): Object

> Object that contains information about the location of the cell and its dimensions. An object has the following structure: { x: numeric, y: numeric, h: numeric, w: numeric }.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An object that contains information about the location of the cell and its dimensions. The object has the following structure: { x: numeric, y: numeric, h: numeric, w: numeric }.
```

> Object that contains information about the location of the cell and its dimensions. An object with the following structure: { x: numeric, y: numeric, h: numeric, w: numeric }.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Object that contains information about the location of the cell and its dimensions. An object has the following structure: { x: numeric, y: numeric, h: numeric, w: numeric }.
```

> Object containign information about location of the cell and it's dimensions. An object with the following content: *{ x: numeric, y: numeric, h: numeric, w: numeric }*.

Reviewer 3: Object **that contains** information about location of the cell and **its** dimensions.

> Object that contains information about location of the cell and it's dimensions. An object with the following content: *{ x: numeric, y: numeric, h: numeric, w: numeric }*.

Reviewer 3: Object that contains information about the location of the cell and its dimensions. An object with the following content: *{ x: numeric, y: numeric, h: numeric, w: numeric }*.

> Object that contains information about the location of the cell and its dimensions. An object with the following content: { x: numeric, y: numeric, h: numeric, w: numeric }.

Reviewer 3: Object that contains information about the location of the cell and its dimensions. An object with the following structure: { x: numeric, y: numeric, h: numeric, w: numeric }.
